The stigma of my daughter's addiction was, you know,
I tried to keep it hidden from the outside world.
You know, I didn't want people coming over to the house.
I've been guilty of calling her a junkie myself.
And, you know, you get told that so many times,
who wants to go to recovery?
You're believing it.
"I'm a junkie.
I'm not worth the paper to sign to get into recovery."
That's how they feel,
and that's not going to help anybody get better.
They've got to be encouraged.
From my personal experience, everybody that I've known
or that I knew that has an opioid addiction
are brilliant people with so much to offer the world.
And they get beat down and beat down
and stop believing that they're not worth it.
I've got the, you know,
"She could have been a better mother," from strangers, really.
Oh, it hurt like hell.
It hurt like hell, you know?
And you always want better than you had as a child
and, you know, as a mom, you want to see her succeed.
You want to see them succeed.
And, you know, that wasn't me.
I was waiting for that phone call every night.